feat(policy): improve meshmetric docs for opentelemetry backend (#1679)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/policies/meshmetric.md

    port: 8888 # port on which application is listening
```

{% if_version gte:2.7.x %}

> {% warning %}

Reviewer: should we put this at the top of the paragraph?

Author: moved

> Metrics exposed in application needs to be in Prometheus format in order for Dataplane Proxy to parse it and expose. Either 
> for Prometheus or OpenTelemetry backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics exposed by the application need to be in Prometheus format for the Dataplane Proxy to be able to parse and expose them to either Prometheus or OpenTelemetry backend.
```

    This support will be added in the next release.
- [Application](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/meshmetric/#applications) must expose metrics in Prometheus format for this integration to work

{% endif_version %}

{% if_version gte:2.7.x %}
```yaml
backends:
  - type: OpenTelemetry
    openTelemetry: 
      endpoint: http://otel-collector.observability.svc:4317
      refreshInterval: 60s
```

> This configuration tells {{site.mesh_product_name}} data plane proxy to push metrics to [OpenTelemetry collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/).

Reviewer: What's the correct capitalisation / spelling of dataplane proxy? We have https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Akumahq%2Fkuma-website%20%22dataplane%20proxy%22&type=code and https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Akumahq%2Fkuma-website%20%22dataplane%20proxy%22&type=code

The previous paragraph uses this:

```suggestion
This configuration tells {{site.mesh_product_name}} Dataplane Proxy to push metrics to [OpenTelemetry collector](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/).
```

> Dataplane Proxy will scrape metrics from Envoy and other [applications](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/meshmetric/#applications) in a Pod/VM.

Reviewer: I think unwanted period:

```suggestion
Dataplane Proxy will scrape metrics from Envoy and other [applications](/docs/{{ page.version }}/policies/meshmetric/#applications) in a Pod/VM
```

> and push them to configured OpenTelemetry collector, every **60 seconds**.

Reviewer: that's only default, can be changed - so maybe something like this:

```suggestion
and push them to configured OpenTelemetry collector, by default every **60 seconds** (use `refreshInterval` to change it).
```

> When you configure application scraping make sure to specify `application.name` to utilize [OpenTelemetry scoping](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/concepts/instrumentation-scope/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you configure application scraping make sure to specify `application.name` to utilize [OpenTelemetry scoping](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/concepts/instrumentation-scope/).
```

#### Pushing metrics from application to OpenTelemetry collector directly

> Right now if you want to expose metrics from you application to OpenTelemetry collector you can access collector directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now if you want to expose metrics from your application to OpenTelemetry collector you can access collector directly.
```
